1. What is a static function?
A static function is a function that belongs to a class but it doesn’t have (or need) access to the class (self/this neither) or the class variables and methods. Such a function can be called directly through the class without an instance of the given class. Static functions are rather infrequent in some languages although they are interesting in terms of inheritance, overriding prevention and efficiency.

2. Explain the difference between == and ===.
In PHP and Javascript === is a “strict” comparison operator demanding that both sides of the expression are not only equal but of the same type, while == only demands value equality.

3. Explain the difference between GET and POST.
GET and POST are two HTTP request methods. GET use only the URL to communicate so it has a limited data length while POST has a data body with the possibility of a multipart stream of data of any type. GET request are saved on the browser history and can be bookmarked while POST cannot.

4. Explain the difference between a mutable and immutable type.
The value of variables of an immutable type cannot be modified once defined. Also, in sequential objects, the values and ordering of the variable can only be changed on mutable types.

5. What is an index in a sql database?
The index is a type of “key” to retrieve data from an SQL table. They can be unique matching only one row of data. Indexes are not necessarily useful data but a pointer to a row or group of rows sharing some characteristic in particular, and they can be formed by one or multiple columns. They are useful to speed up searches since they avoid scanning all the table to found the target data.
To give an example: if we have a list of people in a table, we can create an index for each family, easily retrieving all family members with a query of the right index.

6. If you have to create an API, which data format would you choose and why?
Without knowing anything else I’ll probably use JSON for its readability and easy transformation.

7. If you would have to scrap a site content, what methodology would you use? Why?
I’m not very familiar with web scraping but my first approach will be researching the site in particular and then create a function that scraps data adapted to its structure, I suppose starting by retrieving data from its HTML main fields.

8. Explain or give an example of the use of yield. What are their advantages?
In Java, yield indicates that a thread won't compete for CPU time. Depending on the platform, the Java version and the current status of other threads the yielded thread may or may not receive CPU time in the next CPU period.
In Python, yield is a reserved word that is used as "return" in generators. Yield marks the end of the execution of a generator.

9. Describe the architecture you would use to create a system where as much as possible of the code is decoupled from the framework.
To decouple a system from a framework we have to create a sort of interface/middleware for each framework. Our main logic will then call a generic function which will select the appropriate framework-specific function(s), leaving the main code unchanged. This way not only we separate the framework from part of the code but we also can add new frameworks easily.

10. What is a nosql database?
A NoSQL database is a type of database that does not match the table model of SQL and relational databases, for example MongoDB. “No” stands for “not only” so NoSQL databases may reproduce the SQL model as well. NoSQL databases provide coverage to data structures usually more complex than simple tables, supporting multiple structures at once (documents, changes on the structure, complex relations between elements (graphs) etc. The use of NoSQL databases might be recommended because of performance and scalability issues.

11. What type of code constructs makes unit testing difficult or impossible?
Code (modules, functions …) with high dependency on other structures is harder to unit-test, in other words, when we need to build a complex contest to test it. Two examples: we need to create a mock database to run the test; we have to initialize the full application in order to test a single structure.

12. Explain dependency injection.
Dependency injection is a programming technique that makes the code less interdependent by introducing necessary objects on a class/function as parameters, instead of declaring them inside the given class/function. This technique is important when a given object is used by multiple other dependant objects, specially when is part of the core of a module or application. 
Also, testing is made easier on dependant objects, by providing them with mock objects passed as parameters (instead of modifying the behaviour of the object when testing).

13. What is a mock? How do you use it?
A mock is an object used to test code when a real environment is not available or desired. Mocks might be specifically designed to test certain aspect of a given code or provided with the minimal structure for testing.
**ASK which kind of mock**

14. Python or PHP?
This is a tricky question. Short answer Python, long answer: depends on the scenario. PHP is very well documented language and there are many widely used framework in the market. In my experience Python is easier to develop and more flexible. PHP has been widely used as web development language while Python is used in more scenarions, including web development (see Django for instance). Also Python has more readability and it is easier to test.

15. What is Scrapy?
Scrapy is a screen scraper and a web crawler application written in Python. It can be used as a Python module too.
